For example, on October 17, 2014, following a Thursday night game between the
Patriots and the New York Jets during which Tom Brady complained angrily
about the inflation level of the game balls, McNally and Jastremski exchanged the
following text messages: 

McNally: Tom sucks...im going make that next ball a fuckin balloon
Jastremski: Talked to him last night. He actually brought you up and
said you must have a lot of stress trying to get them done...
Jastremski: I told him it was. He was right though...
Jastremski: I checked some of the balls this morn... The refs fucked
us...a few of then were at almost 16
Jastremski: They didnt recheck then after they put air in them
McNally: Fuck tom ...16 is nothing...wait till next sunday
Jastremski: Omg! Spaz
On October 21, 2014, McNally and Jastremski exchanged the following text
messages:
McNally: Make sure you blow up the ball to look like a rugby ball so
tom can get used to it before sunday
Jastremski: Omg
On October 23, 2014, three days before a Sunday game against the Chicago
Bears, Jastremski and McNally exchanged the following messages:
Jastremski: Can‟t wait to give you your needle this week :)
McNally: Fuck tom....make sure the pump is attached to the
needle.....fuckin watermelons coming
Jastremski: So angry
McNally: The only thing deflating sun..is his passing rating
The next day, October 24, 2014, Jastremski and McNally exchanged the
following messages:
Jastremski: I have a big needle for u this week
McNally: Better be surrounded by cash and newkicks....or its a rugby
sunday
McNally: Fuck tom
Jastremski: Maybe u will have some nice size 11s in ur locker
McNally: Tom must really be working your balls hard this week 
6
On October 25, 2014, McNally and Jastremski exchanged the following
messages:
Jastremski: Size 11?
Jastremski: 2 or 3X?
McNally: Tom must really be on you
McNally: 11 0r 11 half......2x unless its tight fitting
Jastremski: Nah. Hasn‟t even mentioned it, figured u should get
something since he gives u nothing
On January 7, 2015, eleven days before the AFC Championship Game, McNally
and Jastremski discussed how McNally would have a “big autograph day” and
receive items autographed by Brady the following weekend, before the playoff
game against the Baltimore Ravens. McNally and Jastremski exchanged the
following text messages:
McNally: Remember to put a couple sweet pig skins ready for tom to
sign
Jastremski: U got it kid...big autograph day for you
McNally: Nice throw some kicks in and make it real special
Jastremski: It ur lucky. 11?
McNally: 11 or 11 and half kid
On January 10, 2015, immediately prior to the game between the Patriots and the
Ravens, in the Patriots equipment room with both Brady and Jastremski present,
McNally received two footballs autographed by Brady and also had Brady
autograph a game-worn Patriots jersey that McNally previously had obtained.
7. In addition to the messages described above, before the start of the 2014-15
season, McNally referred to himself as “the deflator” and stated that he was “not
going to espn……..yet.” On May 9, 2014, McNally and Jastremski exchanged
the following text messages:
McNally: You working
Jastremski: Yup
McNally: Nice dude....jimmy needs some kicks....lets make a
deal.....come on help the deflator

McNally: Chill buddy im just fuckin with you ....im not going to
espn........yet
